README.md, before:

### Howdy 👋

I'm a full stack software developer with a love for building tools makes the lives of other developers easier :)

I've been fortunate to work in a wide array of languages at scale and have a deep passion
for working on data driven projects.

I love restoring old tools and machines like lawnmowers and trucks so naturally my work days
are spent modernizing legacy COBOL mainframes for large enterprises at [Mechanical Orchard](https://www.mechanical-orchard.com/).
Feel free to get in touch if you need to migrate your [EBCDIC/VSAM datasets or DB2/IMS/IDMS databases](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/alexanderkwiatkowski_mechanical-orchard-announcement-activity-7313617570564083713-csRZ?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAAACafmMBXA48UQY9rfVpSwJCU9uW690zhTA).

I spend most of my free time within the python and C based ecosystems such as Zig, C, C++.
I'm drawn towards solving high scale data problems once and for all!!

Check out my [profile](https://rupurt.github.io) and [projects](#projects) to learn more...

### Projects

#### Python

- [llm-http-api](https://github.com/rupurt/llm-http-api) - HTTP API for LLM with OpenAI compatibility
- [pydanticutils](https://github.com/rupurt/pydanticutils) - Pydantic utility helpers
- [typerutils](https://github.com/rupurt/typerutils) - Typer utility helpers
- [kop](https://github.com/rupurt/kop) - Modern python kubernetes operators
- [economy](https://github.com/rupurt/economy) - Utility library for Apache Arrow Flight & Flight SQL servers

#### C++

- [odbc-scanner-duckdb-extension](https://github.com/rupurt/odbc-scanner-duckdb-extension) - A DuckDB extension to read data directly from databases supporting the ODBC interface

#### Zig

- [duckdb-extension-template-zig](https://github.com/rupurt/duckdb-extension-template-zig) - A Zig template for building DuckDB extensions
- [zodbc](https://github.com/rupurt/zodbc) - A blazing fast ODBC Zig client
- [spoke](https://github.com/spoke-data/spoke) - Universal data connector
- [transit](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/transit) - A bytes first implementation of the Kafka API within an S3 keyspace
- [utc](https://github.com/rupurt/utc) - Universal transpiler collection
- [tif](https://github.com/rupurt/tif) - Lightning fast tabular diffs, patches and merges for larger than memory datasets

#### Nix

- [duckdb-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/duckdb-nix) - Nix flake for development with multiple DuckDB versions
- [odbc-drivers-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/odbc-drivers-nix) - Nix flake for ODBC drivers
- [bun-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/bun-nix) - Nix flake for bun.sh
- [gnucobol-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/gnucobol-nix) - Nix flake to build GnuCOBOL and GnuCOBOL Contrib
- [kcctl](https://github.com/rupurt/kcctl-nix) - Nix flake for kcctl
- [xxdnix](https://github.com/rupurt/xxdnix) - Nix flake for xxd supporting wider columns
- [odbc2parquet-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/odbc2parquet-nix) - Nix flake for odbc2parquet
- [flytectl-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/flytectl-nix) - Nix flake for flytectl
- [nix-home](https://github.com/rupurt/nix-home) - Nix home-manager configuration

#### Elixir

- [tai](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/tai) - A composable, real time, market data and trade execution toolkit
- [prop](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/prop) - An open and opinionated trading platform using productive & familiar open source libraries and tools for strategy research, execution and operation.
- [workbench](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/workbench) - From Idea to Execution - Manage your trading operation across a distributed cluster
- [history](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/history) - Download and warehouse historical trading data
- [wrap](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/wrap) - Build, Publish & Deploy Elixir Infrastructure to the cloud with Docker & Terraform
- [libcluster_gce](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/libcluster_gce) - Google Compute Engine (GCE) clustering strategy for libcluster. It currently supports identifying nodes based on GCE labels
- [clustered](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/clustered) - Elixir cluster utilities
- [stored](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/stored) - Store & retrieve structs against various backends with a simple lightweight API
- [juice](https://github.com/rupurt/juice) - Reduce in memory data structures using a lightweight query language
- [ordered_nary_tree](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ordered_nary_tree) - A map based implementation of a pure Elixir ordered n-ary tree
- [ecto_term](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ecto_term) - Ecto type for Erlang term format
- [enumerati](https://github.com/rupurt/enumerati) - Filter and order an enumerable collection of structs
- [with_env](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/with_env) - Manage the Elixir application environment within a context
- [navigator](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/navigator) - Global navigation between multiple Phoenix endpoints
- [notified](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/notified) - An Elixir library for application notifications
- [notified_phoenix](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/notified_phoenix) - Phoenix live views for notified
- [paged_query](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/paged_query) - Ecto query helpers for pagination
- [slurp](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/slurp) - An EVM block ingestion toolkit for Elixir
- [slurpee](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/slurpee) - A GUI frontend to manage blockchain ingestion with slurp
- [ex_bitmex](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_bitmex) - BitMEX API Client for Elixir
- [ex_deribit](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_deribit) - Deribit API Client for Elixir
- [ex_binance](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_binance) - Binance API Client for Elixir
- [ex_bitstamp](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_bitstamp) - Bitstamp API client for Elixir

#### Go

- [chainlink](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink) - Node of the decentralized oracle network, bridging on and off-chain computation
- [workshop](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/workshop) - Create, manage & improve your automated trading strategies with rich and diverse data sets, a first class local development experience and a progression story for deployment across clouds.

Commit message:

add big data infrastructure with kafka-k8s-skaffold

README.md, after:

### Howdy 👋

I'm a full stack software developer with a love for building tools makes the lives of other developers easier :)

I've been fortunate to work in a wide array of languages at scale and have a deep passion
for working on data driven projects.

I love restoring old tools and machines like lawnmowers and trucks so naturally my work days
are spent modernizing legacy COBOL mainframes for large enterprises at [Mechanical Orchard](https://www.mechanical-orchard.com/).
Feel free to get in touch if you need to migrate your [EBCDIC/VSAM datasets or DB2/IMS/IDMS databases](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/alexanderkwiatkowski_mechanical-orchard-announcement-activity-7313617570564083713-csRZ?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAAACafmMBXA48UQY9rfVpSwJCU9uW690zhTA).

I spend most of my free time within the python and C based ecosystems such as Zig, C, C++.
I'm drawn towards solving high scale data problems once and for all!!

Check out my [profile](https://rupurt.github.io) and [projects](#projects) to learn more...

### Projects

#### Big Data Infrastructure

- [kafka-k8s-skaffold](https://github.com/rupurt/kafka-k8s-skaffold) - Kafka deployment on Kubernetes with Skaffold

#### Python

- [llm-http-api](https://github.com/rupurt/llm-http-api) - HTTP API for LLM with OpenAI compatibility
- [pydanticutils](https://github.com/rupurt/pydanticutils) - Pydantic utility helpers
- [typerutils](https://github.com/rupurt/typerutils) - Typer utility helpers
- [kop](https://github.com/rupurt/kop) - Modern python kubernetes operators
- [economy](https://github.com/rupurt/economy) - Utility library for Apache Arrow Flight & Flight SQL servers

#### C++

- [odbc-scanner-duckdb-extension](https://github.com/rupurt/odbc-scanner-duckdb-extension) - A DuckDB extension to read data directly from databases supporting the ODBC interface

#### Zig

- [duckdb-extension-template-zig](https://github.com/rupurt/duckdb-extension-template-zig) - A Zig template for building DuckDB extensions
- [zodbc](https://github.com/rupurt/zodbc) - A blazing fast ODBC Zig client
- [spoke](https://github.com/spoke-data/spoke) - Universal data connector
- [transit](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/transit) - A bytes first implementation of the Kafka API within an S3 keyspace
- [utc](https://github.com/rupurt/utc) - Universal transpiler collection
- [tif](https://github.com/rupurt/tif) - Lightning fast tabular diffs, patches and merges for larger than memory datasets

#### Nix

- [duckdb-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/duckdb-nix) - Nix flake for development with multiple DuckDB versions
- [odbc-drivers-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/odbc-drivers-nix) - Nix flake for ODBC drivers
- [bun-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/bun-nix) - Nix flake for bun.sh
- [gnucobol-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/gnucobol-nix) - Nix flake to build GnuCOBOL and GnuCOBOL Contrib
- [kcctl](https://github.com/rupurt/kcctl-nix) - Nix flake for kcctl
- [xxdnix](https://github.com/rupurt/xxdnix) - Nix flake for xxd supporting wider columns
- [odbc2parquet-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/odbc2parquet-nix) - Nix flake for odbc2parquet
- [flytectl-nix](https://github.com/rupurt/flytectl-nix) - Nix flake for flytectl
- [nix-home](https://github.com/rupurt/nix-home) - Nix home-manager configuration

#### Elixir

- [tai](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/tai) - A composable, real time, market data and trade execution toolkit
- [prop](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/prop) - An open and opinionated trading platform using productive & familiar open source libraries and tools for strategy research, execution and operation.
- [workbench](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/workbench) - From Idea to Execution - Manage your trading operation across a distributed cluster
- [history](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/history) - Download and warehouse historical trading data
- [wrap](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/wrap) - Build, Publish & Deploy Elixir Infrastructure to the cloud with Docker & Terraform
- [libcluster_gce](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/libcluster_gce) - Google Compute Engine (GCE) clustering strategy for libcluster. It currently supports identifying nodes based on GCE labels
- [clustered](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/clustered) - Elixir cluster utilities
- [stored](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/stored) - Store & retrieve structs against various backends with a simple lightweight API
- [juice](https://github.com/rupurt/juice) - Reduce in memory data structures using a lightweight query language
- [ordered_nary_tree](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ordered_nary_tree) - A map based implementation of a pure Elixir ordered n-ary tree
- [ecto_term](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ecto_term) - Ecto type for Erlang term format
- [enumerati](https://github.com/rupurt/enumerati) - Filter and order an enumerable collection of structs
- [with_env](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/with_env) - Manage the Elixir application environment within a context
- [navigator](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/navigator) - Global navigation between multiple Phoenix endpoints
- [notified](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/notified) - An Elixir library for application notifications
- [notified_phoenix](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/notified_phoenix) - Phoenix live views for notified
- [paged_query](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/paged_query) - Ecto query helpers for pagination
- [slurp](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/slurp) - An EVM block ingestion toolkit for Elixir
- [slurpee](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/slurpee) - A GUI frontend to manage blockchain ingestion with slurp
- [ex_bitmex](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_bitmex) - BitMEX API Client for Elixir
- [ex_deribit](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_deribit) - Deribit API Client for Elixir
- [ex_binance](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_binance) - Binance API Client for Elixir
- [ex_bitstamp](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/ex_bitstamp) - Bitstamp API client for Elixir

#### Go

- [chainlink](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink) - Node of the decentralized oracle network, bridging on and off-chain computation
- [workshop](https://github.com/fremantle-industries/workshop) - Create, manage & improve your automated trading strategies with rich and diverse data sets, a first class local development experience and a progression story for deployment across clouds.
